We can re use the level order traversal code and
modify it a bit to find level order successor.
Firstly change the function name to level order successor
this function takes the root of the tree and the
node value that is key as parameters and returns integer
That is a level order successor of the given key
So firstly if root is equal to null, we can
return -1. And as we discussed in the hint
while doing level order traversal, if current node's value equals
to the key value we need to break out of the loop.
So write if node's data equal to key
break now the level order successor will be present in
the front of the queue. So get the front node
so write node's Star successor equal to queue.front
now check if it is not if it is not
return -1 else we need to return the front data.
So write return successor equal to now then minus